today and nice that again
I have something today
sweet prepared for you too
Unfortunately, it looks totally delicious
Inedible that is not now
at my totally bad cooking skills
because I have made small bathing banks
So they really are the ones to see
just super delicious but as I said
this not suitable for eating but
for the bath and i want for that
like to give a few and like me
I've ever done that to you now
for the cupcake bath bombs you need
A lot of soda citric acid
milk powder melted panin
food starch some cocoa and another
food coloring and essential oil
all quantities I link to you
even in the infobox so necessarily
drop by
and then you need it later
a sachet a little star
and some paper boxes for chocolates
give her cupcake floors
First of all, the cocoa powder in the
melted palm trees and do it that way
long until it is completely lump free
then you need a clean one
bowl in which the natron the
citric acid and the milk powder
come and can you then
roughly mix with a spoon
before then two to three drops that
essential oil come to that
now the fireplace is coming too
already roughly stirred with a spoon
before everything can be done with the
hands must be kneaded really well
the consistency is perfect if you are
make a small lump in yours
Hand molding could stick together
stay and not immediately apart
falls
Now you can have the pralines
Prepare the best in you
with two spoons something of the mass
filled in and then firmly fixed
suppressed when you are all filled ramekins
should have the mass for at least 15
minutes to dry and in this time
we prepare the frosting for it
you need melted appointment again
in that I am already pinker color
mixed but s are equally suitable
gel or paste colors in the palm of him
now comes a little bit of yours
essential oil and then leave
Cool the whole thing until you can see
that on the edge again a little firmer
will be able to get some soda again
citric acid milk powder and now on
the food strength and everything has to go with it
the mixa for about five minutes
be stirred creamy before the frosting
then for ten minutes in the fridge
put
after school time each mixed everything
again through and then could also
already fill your pouch with it
and you 'll notice how creamy this one is
has become mass
so you can now great little
piled on your cupcakes
you from the outside up in the middle
pull that also requires something quiet
more pressure than a normal one
frosting and if you have done that
can you also like something else?
glitter on your cupcakes balk
I think that looks very nice
and then the cupcakes only have to
Dry for another day before drying
they either used themselves or just
given away
and they really look so cute
that I certainly everyone about it
happy if you give it away
I wish you much fun while copying
Try it if you like the video
I would have liked myself
a thumbs up or over an abo
look forward and see you next time
again
what exactly is it in my mind
skills area is included